Add "document is not defined" troubleshooting entry (#1974)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/troubleshooting.md

**Not sure that this is your problem?**  
Check to see if anyone else has reported [this issue](https://github.com/withastro/astro/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+Cannot+use+import+statement)!

### `document` (or `window`) is not defined

This error occurs when trying to access `document` or `window` on the server.

Astro components run on the server, so you can't access these browser-specific objects within the frontmatter.

Framework components run on the server by default, so this error can occur when accessing `document` or `window` during rendering. 

**Solution**: Determine the code that calls `document` or `window`. If you aren't using `document` or `window` directly and still getting this error, check to see if any packages you're importing are meant to run on the client. 

- If the code is in an Astro component, move it to a `<script>` tag outside of the frontmatter. This tells Astro to run this code on the client, where `document` and `window` are available.

> - If the code is in a framework component, try to access these objects after rendering using lifecycle methods (ex: [`useEffect()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useeffect) in React or [`onMounted()`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#onmounted) in Vue and [`onMount()`](https://svelte.dev/docs#run-time-svelte-onmount) in Svelte).

Reviewer: This is great Dan!

I guess the one thing we could add here for framework components is that `client:only` can also be a solution if you just want to defer rendering entirely to the client. Is that worth adding here?

Author: Yep, it was in the original and should be added back!

> - If the code is in a framework component, try to access these objects after rendering using lifecycle methods (e.g. [`useEffect()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useeffect) in React, [`onMounted()`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#onmounted) in Vue, and [`onMount()`](https://svelte.dev/docs#run-time-svelte-onmount) in Svelte). You can also prevent the component from rendering on the server at all by adding the [`client:only`](/en/reference/directives-reference/#clientonly) directive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the code is in a framework component, try to access these objects after rendering using lifecycle methods (e.g. [`useEffect()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useeffect) in React, [`onMounted()`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#onmounted) in Vue, and [`onMount()`](https://svelte.dev/docs#run-time-svelte-onmount) in Svelte). You can also prevent the component from rendering on the server at all by adding the [`client:only`](/en/reference/directives-reference/#clientonly) directive.

**Status**: Expected Astro behavior, as intended.
```
I personally would tend to leave this in, since it fits the pattern of the other stuff and it really is a good indicator that, no, this is not a bug and yes, it works like this.

> - If the code is in a framework component, try to access these objects after rendering using lifecycle methods (e.g. [`useEffect()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useeffect) in React, [`onMounted()`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#onmounted) in Vue, and [`onMount()`](https://svelte.dev/docs#run-time-svelte-onmount) in Svelte). You can also prevent the component from rendering on the server at by adding the [`client:only`](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#clientonly) directive.

Reviewer: Typo + 🦛 check!

```suggestion
- If the code is in a framework component, try to access these objects after rendering using lifecycle methods (e.g. [`useEffect()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useeffect) in React, [`onMounted()`](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-lifecycle.html#onmounted) in Vue, and [`onMount()`](https://svelte.dev/docs#run-time-svelte-onmount) in Svelte). You can also prevent the component from rendering on the server at all by adding the [`client:only`](/en/reference/directives-reference/#clientonly) directive.
```

Author: 🤦 thank you!
